# OperatingPlatformsCS230

# Briefly summarize The Gaming Room client and their software requirements. Who was the client? What type of software did they want you to design
# I was working with the client "The Gaming Room" which already had an android platform app called 'Draw it or Lose it'. The company wanted to make the app available to more platforms like Windows Mac and iOS. The wanted the game to be able to make it a web based game that can support multiple teams with multiple players on each team, unique names for the games, teams and players. They wanted single isntanced game so one game runs on memory at a time. Also largely scalable design for cross platforme xperience. 

# What did you do particularly well in developing this documentation?
# I think i did particularly well on the initial framing and expectation setting. Undertsanding what the customer wanted and creating goals with the outline in place. Setting up unique identifying logic and the singleton model. 

# What about the process of working through a design document did you find helpful when developing the code?
# The framework of having a blueprint to go piece by piece kept me mainly focused on the answering of the questions rather than defining the questions. The one we were given already had the base model UML diagram which took alot of the guesswork out of things but even without it The initial descriptions of havign to think about everything individually helped rather than throwing it all at the wall to see what sticks. 

# If you could choose one part of your work on these documents to revise, what would you pick? How would you improve it?
# Grading wise I would resubmit the 5-2 part for evaluation. It said I missed development tools (not sure since I reused the same template each time and just added on to the new part and it was filled out but it might have been missing at time of submission). For non-graded terms I think I would go more down the rabbit hole of seeing more benefits of the GCP rather than AWS. The initial question for recommendation was citing both but in the research adn implementation I stuck to AWS. Maybe cite the pros and cons of those two as I think linux is better than the others, but hosting wise it depends on comfortability of he developers. I think i would ask more (in a real scenario) what the developers are comfortable in and tailor it to that rather than a blanket evaluation. 

# How did you interpret the user’s needs and implement them into your software design? Why is it so important to consider the user’s needs when designing?
# In this instance we worked with it was seeing past the literal meaning and expanding on it. Like the Singleton Pattern, coming from only one instance can exist. It can't scale which is what they want but one instance cant scale. It's extremely important to consider their needs because at the end of the day it's their product we just make it happen within limitations. They also may not fully understand the ability or right way to explain it, so it is imperitive to ellaborate and explain what can be done to meet multiple needs at once. This one is perfect, scalable but one instance. If we left it at base level or direct words and not larger needs it would have stopped short of expectations. 

# How did you approach designing software? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to analyze and design a similar software application?
# I approached it open minded but focused. Almost the exact thought process of the diagram and I would do that again and again as it gives a track record and pattern to the requirements of design. In the future though I would add a few steps like after the process of development started there would be some sort of feedback. Alot of the code and development was meat and potatoes but the concepts and parts beign worked on may need tweaks from the client in the middle of the process. So potentially a concept breakdown initially after creation, and feedback throughout development. 
